c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll.config
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.pdb
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\BusinessLogic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll
c:\users\exp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\BusinessLogic.pdb
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeSearch\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
